We can't just run.
You got Sherry.
I got Theresa and...
You know. I got Theresa.
Hey. at least we know Philly though.
Now we just gotta put our heads
down and hide everything we love.
Yeah. but we don't even
know who's looking for us.
Well. we gonna figure that out. all right?
We'll figure that out.
Hey.
I bet you I can throw
mine further than you.
- So stupid.
- Come on. man.
- And... one...
- You're so stupid. You're so fucking
two...
Three.
- Are you high?
- What?
I can't just pick up and go to
Atlantic city. I'm an old lady.
What is you talking about? Atlantic
city ain't nothing but old ladies.
I'm in the middle of a legal thing.
Yeah? What kind of legal thing? What?
This lawyer I found. I got to
meet with a lawyer tomorrow.
What you need a lawyer for?
I can go down the shore next
week. thank you very much.
No. you can't. Not next week. Nah.
The reservation is for
tonight. So you gotta go.
And there's a shuttle.
everything. You gotta go tonight.
What is this? You come
in here with your hair on fire
and I gotta rush off to Atlantic city?
My god. woman.
Do not go through a
woman's closet. Raymond.
Then pack. Please.
Look at this. Isn't this nice?
This is a violation here.
All you do is stay stuffed up
inside with your little scratch cards.
Now. you need to enjoy life.
- But why does it have to be this second?
- Because it's a prize.
You don't cash it in. you gonna lose it.
It's been that long since you won
something? You forgot how prizes work.
- It's a prize?
- Yeah. a radio prize. A call-in.
- What station?
- Wmgk.
You know. wmgk. Yeah.
I had to name a song.
Now. look. you need to go down the
shore because you deserve it. You hear me?
- I didn't ask for this.
- That's the problem.
You don't ever ask for shit.
Except $10.000.
You know. you're welcome.
- Whatever. It's all good.
- I'm not stupid. Raymond.
You and that dopehead. Manny.
think my head's in the sand.
Come on with that. ma.
Like. what... how about this?
How about you pack yourself
something nice. you know?
'Cause you can probably go see the
blue man group or something like that.
you know what I'm saying?
Put one of your tiger stripe
shirts in there or something.
Are you dealing dope.
Raymond? Be honest with me.
No. ma. come on. No. I swear to god.
Actually. I'm doing the opposite of that.
The exact opposite of that.
What's the opposite? A charity?
Yeah. you the charity.
I paid a fortune for
this retainer. you know.
It gives me a headache
to think how much it costs.
These people.
they'll take advantage if you're
not watching them every second.
Hey. Come on. What you doing. hey?
Hey! No. You supposed to
be packing. Come on. Hey.
Didn't you hear me.
Raymond? I just paid a retainer
- and I gotta meet with this person!
- All right. wait. Okay. wait.
A retainer? What?
What you need a ret...
Is that what the ten
g's was for? A retainer?
You better not tell me that this is more
bullshit for that nig... for my father.
I won't tell you nothing.
Goddamn. ma. Goddamn. Is
that what this money was for?
- He's your father.
- Yeah.
Do you have any idea...
God. do you have any idea how much
I've been through to get you that money?
You said the opposite of drugs.
- You're supposed to be painting houses!
- Do you know how terrible the houses are?
- I have to meet with this person. ray!
- Okay. I'll meet with him.
I'll meet with him.
okay? Text me the place.
Tell the dude that I'll
meet with him. all right?
I mean. my father's guilty as shit.
but I'll meet with his ass. all right?
You're not gonna take it seriously.
I'ma take it so seriously
and I will do whatever it takes.
as long as you pack your shit so I
can take you down to the shuttle.
Atlantic city. baby. What you say?
What song was it?
- What?
- The song. shit-bird.
What song did you name?
"Coming to america."
"Coming to america." Neil diamond.
- I love that song.
- I know you do. I know.
Who's taking shermie?
Shit.
Damn it. shermie.
I would have pulled
over for you to do that.
You had to do it in here?
Hey. stay. You stay.
Hey. Hey.
- Hey. Come in.
- Hey.
- All right.
- Enzo. stop.
- He probably smelled my dog.
- Yeah.
Enzo.
Come here.
You hungry?
No. I'm all right.
Just in time for breakfast. so...
- Kids. say hi to ray.
- Hey.
- Hi. ray.
- Ray. do you want some coffee?
- Only if it's no trouble.
She put a curse on you.
Mom. she didn't. right?
- Fresh.
- Stop it.
Are you insane?
My god. mom.
Thank you.
Nobody eats soup for breakfast.
Stop making fun of grandma.
Yeah. it's true.
We're the only people
who are crazy in the world.
That's not aloe Vera gel. is it?
Liquid meth.
They dissolve it in
here to smuggle in bulk.
Somebody's gotta convert
this to crystals for the street.
but each spoonful is
enough for a whole hick town.
Yeah. and I couldn't carry half of it.
Bro. it was on the news.
You hit a conversion lab.
You went for a capillary.
you got an artery.
I'll hold on to this for a while.
There's gonna be a lot of heat.
Hey. can these guys...
Can they find us. son?
Who knows what you
do? Other than me?
Nobody.
But you had this third? Right?
Rick.
- Where did he come from?
- Well. he got out three weeks ago.
He heard about you on the inside?
And last week. where was he at?
Halfway house? Grandma's?
You know. anybody
looking for you. he's point a.
You get rid of his body?
Ray.
DNA...
- Dental records...
- Yeah. man. I know.
I know he got teeth. son.
and I know what cops do.
But I'm talking about this voice. man.
This voice from the walkie-talkie
and it was one of them fucked-up
accents from up north too.
Like. "Larry bird parked
the car in the yard."
That's pretty good.
This guy saw you?
No.
Could he just be some tweaker?
No. man. Nah. son. nah.
The way this dude was
talking. he's somebody.
You know. he's the real deal.
Look. how do I cover my tracks. son?
And don't tell me that you
don't know. 'cause. you know.
this is basically the
safest place in Philly.
You basically
shape-shifted to get up here.
How long you been at this? Two years?
Not even. Fourteen months.
You couldn't have
lasted what. four months.
if you didn't know how
to keep your head down.
You wasn't saying that
shit when you needed us
to get rid of your
competition though. was you?
Let me show you something.
South Vietnamese. 1975.
Okay.
What's it worth?
Now? Nothing.
My old man. he left Saigon with
three million dong. He was rich.
By the time he got here.
these were souvenirs.
Shape-shifting is just called life. ray.
You can't depend on anything. man.
So that means all you got
is your heart and your wits.
And your family.
Go ahead. Keep that shit.
Bro. I came here for your help
and all you gave me was
some kevlar and worthless dong.
You came here to see a real family. ray.
Otherwise. you would
have come on Monday.
Shit.
Hey. I'll be back. You
guard the house. all right?
Shit.
- Fuck.
- Do you think there's...
You think there's any way we could...
Can we still give this money back. ray?
- Give the money back? Yeah.
- Yeah.
Only if we wanna be standing
still when they kill us. Okay?
All right.
Hey. look at this. man. Here you go.
You know. I thought
about having a garage sale.
I realized that'd be the
most depressing shit ever.
This is probably the worst
garage sale I ever saw
- in my life.
- That's what I'm saying.
When my dad went down. Theresa.
she had me store all his
fucking Lou rawls and shit.
So I'm gonna put equal share in
each bag and if anything happen to me...
Come on. man. Hey. hey.
If anything happen to me. give
my share to Theresa. all right?
- I don't like this.
- Come on. man. Can you do that for me?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Poor Rick. man.
- Poor Rick. man?
Poor Rick fucked us.
You know that. right?
I mean. did he even know
what was in that house?
Matter of fact. who gave him that tip?
'Cause that didn't seem like "his
turf." You know what I'm saying?
You think somebody sent him to us?
- I think I'm overthinking it. man.
- No. you're not over...
Wait. ray. let's talk about this.
This is fucking serious. This is like...
He couldn't have played us like that.
You're right. He wasn't that smart.
Yeah. but it don't exactly
take a genius. Manny.
What are you doing? Hey.
yo. Get up. Get off of that. man.
That shit got bad juju.
You don't want that.
Is that your father's chair?
King Bart's fucking throne. bro.
Dude. who knew about us?
What do you mean?
I mean. Rick was in
the joint with your father.
Does Bart know what we do?
Come on through.
Hands up.
Ready.
What's with the robe?
Casual Friday.
So. look. I need to know
what you said about me in here.
What are you talking about?
Rick staley.
Paroled three weeks ago.
Came in here through graterford.
Tom staley's kid?
I don't know Tom staley.
Then I don't know Rick staley.
Look. if you said anything. it
changes my whole life. all right?
Why?
Are you getting married?
You queer for him?
He worked for me. my painting crew.
Fuck.
If you...
Said anything about me
in here. I need to know
and I need to know if I need to worry.
You worry about everything.
You could have had
an ulcer at five years old.
And why do you think that is. asshole?
Watch your language.
There are kids over there.
And on top of that. what is
Theresa getting you a lawyer for?
Probably our anniversary.
I swear. if you make her waste
any more money on your ass.
you can swear to god. man.
you gonna be lucky that
you locked up in here.
What does that mean?
- You safer in here.
- You'll be in here again.
You know. I.
I keep remembering this
thing. okay? Hear me out.
We in our old house back in
nice town. Remember that?
Okay.
And I'm. like. six. seven.
eight years old. I don't know.
And it's the middle of the night
and I'm half asleep. like I should be.
And you got me downstairs
in the kitchen in my pajamas.
And ma. she was high. been high all night.
and you were beating the shit out of her.
And I'm just standing there.
scared... Frozen. basically.
And you. you know. you... right?
You hold her and then you come to
me and you tell me to take a swing at her.
- No. Why would I do that?
- I don't know. man. I don't know.
Father-son lesson. Teach
me my lesson? I don't know.
Whatever it was. all right? You did it.
It's the clearest memory I got too.
Memories ain't always reliable.
You can't even admit it.
I did everything I could to raise you.
Your girlfriend raised me. nigga. okay?
Dressed me. fed me.
took me in like a stray dog.
And I still live like one too. Still do.
scared that any woman I bring home.
I'm gonna rip apart
like you did my mother.
Ain't one part of my life. one
part. that you ain't fuck up.
And now. even now. in here.
you may have ratted me out.
You're welcome for the cigarettes.
Smoke all them
motherfuckers at once maybe.
Look. I did say something
one time at a meeting.
An aa meeting?
Sacred space.
Because nothing ever leaves that room.
Long haulers. man.
Men out of the game.
Except there was this one white boy.
I forget his name...
And he just got paroled.
Holy shit.
Danny. Danny loebsack.
Shit.
Look. he ran with this crew
called Eden's gardeners.
You know. they must... They
used to mow lawns and shit like that.
Maybe that's where
your boyfriend Rick is.
Maybe he ran with that crew.
Where can I find these
Eden gardeners at?
Hell if I know.
How many loebsacks
can there be out there?
Too many.
And what do we do if we
find this gardener anyway?
Are we threatening
him? Are we warning him?
Yo. that depend on him.
Hey. keep going. I
found another loebsack.
Yeah. Okay.
I can barely move in this shit.
Mrs. Loebsack!
Ms. Loebsack!
Federal agents!
DEA!
Shit.
Goddamn it.
Okay.
Fuck.
Ray!
Manny.
Manny! Manny. Manny!
Manny!
Fuck. Shit.
You think this is Danny?
Or what. man? Some other
'wood who got tortured?
- Hello.
- Sherry.
Hey. baby. What's going on?
Sherry. mi amor. you
need to get out of the house.
What are you talking about?
- I mean it.
- No...
- Mi amor. don't take your car...
- No.
Take your mom's car
- and get the fuck out of town.
- No. no...
Yeah. Tell her she needs
to get out of there right now.
Okay. just do it.
- and don't tell anyone where.
- What's going on?
Mi amor. you can scream at
me later. Right now. just go. okay?
- I'm hanging up.
- Manny?
What? What the fuck?
Hey. if this Danny motherfucker
knew anything about us.
he gave us up right away.
- So. why the butcher routine?
- It's a statement.
A statement? What for. man?
I mean we out in the
middle of... fuck. Shit.
Shit.
What the fuck?
Shit. Fuck.
Manny! Shit. Fuck.
Fuck. Shit.
Shit.
Fuck me. Fuck.
Hey. kid. you okay?
Fuck no!
Shit.
Shit. Fuck.
Fucking asshole.
Stop! DEA!
Stop. What the fuck is
wrong with you? I'm a cop.
Who cares?
Who the fuck are you people?
Hey. Manny. man. We leaving.
Gotta change this fucking tire.
I should be dead four
fucking times already. man.
Shit.
Hey. man. you think these
dudes is from ottsville?
Manny?
Manny? Manny.
I don't know where
these guys are from. ray.
You gonna be okay. bro?
What's that?
It's his phone.
I know it's his phone.
man. What song is that?
I know I know that song.
We need to close his eyes.
I know that song. man.
- Shit. I know I know that song.
- His eyes are freaking me out.
It's gonna drive me crazy until I figure...
Where's this at?
Why don't you guess his password?
I don't know. January 6th.
And it's got the dots on it.
Let's see.
Dumb motherfucker.
We have to give these
guys a proper burial.
No. man. we leaving.
Yo. this dude's phone a wasteland. man.
What?
Zero fucks.
No contacts. no pictures.
- It's a new burner.
- Hey. man. Watch the bullet holes.
You're getting water in here.
Hey. hey.
Stay away from all
these cameras too. man.
Dude. Dude. man. what is you doing?
Don't put that shit on your skin.
It's better than satanic biker blood.
Okay. All right.
We're murderers now. ray.
Man. fuck them dudes.
man. They weren't shit.
- They slaughtered innocent people.
- God made them too.
And I killed one of them.
You killed both of them actually.
- No. you shot the other guy.
- Yeah. but you hit him first. man.
He would have died from
that injury. I'm just saying.
Brother. you gotta stop
doing that. Really. You got.
- Sherry is right about you. It's like...
- okay. There we go.
What else does Sherry say about me?
Sherry says that you have the
need to control everything. man.
- You don't need that. Yeah. You do.
- I got a need to control everything?
Do I look like I'm in
fucking control. Manny?
And you know. I bought
her that houseplant too. man.
- I ain't gonna forget that shit.
- Thank you.
Dude. that's the last gift she get.
Okay. Just don't... don't pick that up.
- I'm gonna answer that shit.
- No. we don't need to.
- Why not? I'ma answer that shit. man.
- No.
Manny. stop playing. man.
Let me answer the fucking
ray. just don't do it. You
don't know who... yeah?
You said you was gonna
call afterwards. dipshit.
- You there?
- I'm there.
I'm here.
What?
You find it or what?
Nothing. It's a mess back there.
Not on the phone.
I want you to write down an address.
All right. go ahead.
Raymond Driscoll. 604
Madison road. apartment 1b.
And if he ain't there?
You got someplace you
gotta be? Wait for him. retard.
On my way.
- Fucking shit. Fuck.
- Ray.
All right. man. Okay... shit. man.
How'd they find me?
Okay. I gotta go get
everything out of there.
You are not going back to your place.
- The dog. man. The dog there.
- The dog's a hundred. ray.
- Theresa will kill me.
- Have you smoked your brains?
Yo. Chill. Manny. Hey. Manny. chill.
- I'm chill. You...
- chill. man. Hold up.
We got until they find out
that this dude is dead. right?
- Which dude?
- Zero fucks. nigga!
The nigga that we shot!
Okay. until they go back
there and they find out
that the all man brothers is
dead. I can go get shermie.
I can get my records. my pictures
and you can pack your shit
and meet me back in storage.
Sure. I'll go save your plant.
No. man. Wait. They...
If they got my address then they
know my car so I need a car. man.
Hey. man. hey. stop doing that shit.
Did Sherry take her car with her?
- You gotta be fucking kidding me. ray.
- Come on. man. Did she? Come on.
If that dog pisses in her car
man. On my life. I promise.
Manuel. I promise. Okay?
This armor all fucking burns.
I told your ass? Didn't I tell your ass?
This shit is meant for cars. man.
We're out of evidence markers.
What do you do when you
run out of evidence markers?
Send you to staples.
For some index cards.
Gentlemen. what are we looking at?
What?
Some real good mushrooms
all up and down that drive.
Multiple calibers?
9s. .45s. .308s.
- Anything in the house?
- Still in the victims.
Was this over drugs or money?
What do you know about the victims?
Kids. Unarmed. It's like a rumspringa.
Remind again who the rumspringa are?
Amish kids rutsching around.
The amish aren't amish until
they're baptized at age 18.
So from 16 to 18. they
go on a rumspringa.
- Hello?
- Some experiment more than others.
If they were unarmed.
who was firing back?
Boss?
She's out of surgery.
Talking?
Fuck.
The doctors are really optimistic.
Front room. With two other bodies.
They haven't ID'd the third.
We're suspending all other investigations
until we can find these guys.
- Stupid. Stupid...
- Okay.
We got it.
I don't think she's
supposed to get excited.
- Don't suspend.
- Your case is over.
- Ducking DEA posers ducked it up.
- Yeah. and I need to control that.
- Mina. this is bad.
- Ducking DEA my ass.
- I can turn off autocorrect for her.
- Shut up.
- Jack had idea.
- Okay. Shut it off. Stop. That's enough.
Stop typing. Stop writing.
Everybody. just relax.
Shut it off. Stop. Relax.
I don't want to hear
Jack's big idea right now.
Can you imagine if the
press gets a version of this?
So. when you're better.
you only talk to me.
If I'd been your sup. I never
would've partnered you with Jack.
But we need to drape a
flag over his coffin now
and carry him through city hall.
He is officially a Saint.
which means the
questions are coming for you.
This is not your case anymore.
It is ours and it is homicide's and
you are the only surviving witness.
Keep it that way.
Keep my cover.
Put me in custody.
Fine.
You're a criminal in our
custody. A federal witness.
We'll sit a marshal by
that door. God help him.
Fuck.
Fuck. Damn. Fuck.
Shermie.
Goddamn.
Did you do this shit?
You did all this shit?
Bad dog. okay?
Bad dog!
Shit.
Hey. come on.
Okay.
Shit.
So what'd you find. pal? Anything?
I'm waiting.
New plan. Come on back
here. We got steaks on the grill.
Great. 'Cause I'm starvin'.
So. you're not a vegetarian no more?
You must have had a real
life change today. elden.
You got potato salad?
Fuck you...
Raymond.
- You know what you are?
- Shit.
You are that particular breed of asshole
who thinks he's outsmarting everybody.
But guess what? I know you
now. I know everything about you.
I know your whole fucking family.
I know everything.
Maybe tomorrow I'm gonna
say hello to your father.
- Like I give a shit.
- Or he could catch a shiv tonight.
Okay. Knock yourself the fuck out. pal.
I've got guys inside
on a landscaping crew.
That means a big pair of pruning shears.
We're gonna use these shears to take
off your old man's fingers one by one.
And there are other appendages.
Well. now you just flirting with me. man.
Can you send me a picture?
You heartless prick.
Shit.
Then. I know your friend Che
Guevara over there in fair hill.
Maybe I'll pay a visit to him.
I can get you your
money back. man. okay?
That's moving. chief.
You'll lay out for your com padre.
You don't even know what you started.
All of it. All the drugs.
All of it. man. okay?
You can't even begin to
understand the scope of this problem.
I have to kill everybody you
know. just for the principle of it now.
So I'm gonna visit your amigo right now
and scatter tiny little pieces of
him all over this shithole town.
Hello? H
fuck.
Fuck! Mother... fuck!
This is Manny's phone.
Peace on earth. guys.
I just got off the phone with
whitey fucking bulger. man.
And you need to get out of
your house now. Manny. all right?
And answer the fucking phone.
Hey. hey. ma.
Ma? Yeah. you okay?
You're in big trouble. Raymond.
Did you lie to me? So help
me god if you lied to me.
What I lie about. ma? Which lie?
What are you talking about? What lie?
The appointment. it's at 4:30.
- You're not there. Raymond.
- Holy shit.
Cancel the goddamn appointment.
ma. It's not life or death.
It's life or death to me.
It took me weeks to get
these people's attention.
And it's expensive.
Yeah. I know. I know it's expensive.
How's shermie doing?
He pissed on everything I own. okay?
What do you got that's so fancy?
Hey. ma. I gotta call you back. all right?
Have fun at the slots. okay? I love you.
Manny?
Hey. Manny. man. Where you at. man?
Manny. man. Talk to me. man.
Shit.
Come on. Manny.
man. Where you at. bro?
Shit.
Fuck! Fuck!
Sorry. Sorry. man. Sorry.
Shit!
Answer. Manny. man. Come on.
Come on. man.
Answer. Manny. Answer. man.
This is Manny's phone.
- Peace on earth. guys.
- Fuck!
Ray?
Are you ray?
Are you the lawyer?
I'm Michelle Taylor. Sullivan. Whitmore.
Your mother called.
She told me you might not be coming.
I was just heading out.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I got
caught up in traffic.
It's okay.
Let's go inside.
Okay.
Come on in.
Just over there.
Please. have a seat.
Are you all right. Mr. Driscoll?
Can I get you a cup of tea? A towel?
Can I get a glass of water. please?
- Of course.
- Thank you.
It hurts.
I know how hard it is.
Sweet Jesus.
Hey.
We are at the mercy of our past.
We push all these feelings down.
Times like this. they surge back up.
I'm sorry.
I'm just.
I'm just worried about something.
Someone.
Of course.
- You love him. No.
- Jesus. I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- No. no.
It's okay.
This is good. Really.
You don't know how many people
come in here and put up a wall.
Thank you for reminding me
what this is all about. you know.
Jesus.
You seem like an honest person.
God.
So. in the past. it's been
like playing the lottery.
but with covid. I think this
could be a perfect storm.
Okay.
He's definitely eligible.
Eligible?
For compassionate release.
It may just be a matter
of checking all the boxes.
making sure the paperwork
is airtight. That kind of thing.
Paper...
Paperwork. What paperwork is that?
From the oncologist. The
bronchoscopy. ct scan.
His cancer is pretty advanced.
but combine that with a good
prison record. which he has.
I think we have a real shot.
I can't cure him. Mr. Driscoll.
but I can help get him home.
How long will this take?
This compassion.
Well. the bureaucracy grinds pretty slow.
The good things in life usually
take longer than the bad.
Yeah. 'cause bad is pretty immediate.
My god. Them butchers
are gonna kill his ass.
Well. we can move him
out of the infirmary first.
Get him to a dedicated wing
at Chester county hospital.
He'll have a marshal assigned to him.
A marshal?
They gonna put marshals with him.
Yeah. until his release.
- Touch wood.
- Yeah.
Now. I hate this part.
but Theresa still owes
the rest of the retainer.
I can get you the money.
Okay.
Shit.
Now you have gone too far. Mr. Driscoll.
- Ray. It's just ray.
- Ray.
Let me get this straight. ray.
Your ringtone is "bat
out of hell" by meat loaf?
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
'Cause it's been driving
me fucking insane.